---
author: Mansoor A
date: "2016-09-27T11:07:00Z"
description: ""
draft: false
title: Top Five VPNs for 2016
url: blog/top-five-vpn-2016
---


When it comes to anonymity on the web, there is no such thing as a simple an ultimate solution, and any who makes such a claim is simply lying. Nevertheless, VPN services are highly versatile and tools that can greatly increase your security and privacy when using the Internet.  

Here is a list of 5 VPNs that seems to do the job. Please note that I have not used them personally. 

### 1. BufferedVPN
The small Hungarian company keeps everything simple, but nevertheless focused – it keeps no usage logs (although we have to say that the provider keeps connection logs), allows you to connect up to three devices at the same time and even has servers in 16 different locations around the globe. You also have a 30-day guarantee, but make sure to check the small print as some conditions do apply. And the last feature we are going to mention is the “port discovery: which finds open ports in the local LAN neighborhood and allows the user to login to the Wi-Fi at airports and hotels. 

### 2. ExpressVPN
This service provider is all about the ease-of-use; it puts the user first and foremost with intuitive software for Windows, Mac, iOS, Android and OSX, helpful 24/7 customer support, and a generous 30-day money-back guarantee. Furthermore, it has servers in almost 80 countries, so it pretty much guarantees that you will find in your region. It may be also important to note that ExpressVPN has special “stealth” servers, located in Hong Kong that are great for evading the Great Firewall of China, which recently even blocked its creator, Fang Binxing. 

### 3. SaferVPN
Safer is an Israeli-based service with server in 24 different countries, which provides an easy-to-use desktop client as well as apps for both the iOS and Android. The company accepts payment via Bitcoins, has a 24-hour trial period and two-week money back guarantee. They also provide the IKEv2 protocol; such support is extremely rare among VPN providers, and will be welcomed by Windows Mobile users, who often struggle with compatibility issues. 

### 4. PureVPN
PureVPN is a great service provider that offers you several connectivity options and provides you with a optimal VPN experience. It has whopping 450 servers in more than 100 countries around the world and it also provides impressive 80,000 different addresses to cycle through so that your location is protected at all times. In addition to add-on features like Firewall and dedicated IP, it also does excellent in most speed tests. The overhead of being connected via VPN basically makes no difference to your speed, in fact, as this PureVPN review notes, you will experience an approximate 7% drop in speed, which is not enough to cause any serious problems.  

### 5. VPNArea
We will finish of the list with this small Bulgarian but up-and-coming VPN service. It does not keep any logs at all, and allows up to five desktops, laptops, tablets or smartphones to connect simultaneously. It also uses excellent encryption, and its desktop client is a custom version Viscosity that offers DNS leak protection, provides a kill switch and disable IPv6. The users also have the auto IP feature that changes their IP every five minutes. You also have a 7-day trial period of its service, and the company also known for the friendliness of its customer support team. 

## Who Needs a VPN?
While there some people for whom VPNs are essential, like journalists and activist from oppressed countries that rely on VPN services to get around government censors, many people use these services in order to access web content that is not available in their Geo-region. The Guardian reports that, according to a survey of more than 47.000 people from around the globe, it has been estimated that over 60 million people outside of the UK to watch BBC shows for free.  
Antivirus solutions are critical for keeping your device and your personal data safe. However, many people are waking up to the fact that if they value their privacy, they definitely need a Virtual Private Network. Even though VPN usage is still being considered a niche activity, new research shows that it has already hit the mainstream.  Once again, if we go with statistics provided by GWI, almost 25% of Internet users have used a VPN or Proxy Server to access the Internet. By Adam Ferraresi.

> About the Author:  
> Adam is a professional web developer and an occasional digital publisher, born, raised and currently residing in Dallas, TX . In his spare time you can find him on the basketball court, in the kitchen or at the nearest live music venue.  
> 
> Visit him at [www.wefollowtech.com](http://www.wefollowtech.com/)

